Release notes for 8.17.4 (#17379)
elastic/logstash: docs/static/releasenotes.asciidoc

* <<logstash-8-0-0-alpha1,Logstash 8.0.0-alpha1>>

[[logstash-8-17-4]]
=== Logstash 8.17.4 Release Notes

[[notable-8-17-4]]
==== Notable issues fixed

* Fix pqcheck and pqrepair on Windows. https://github.com/elastic/logstash/pull/17210[#17210]
* Avoid possible integer overflow in string tokenization. https://github.com/elastic/logstash/pull/17353[#17353]

> * Fixed an issue where the /_node/stats API displayed empty pipeline metrics when X-Pack monitoring was enabled. https://github.com/elastic/logstash/pull/17185[#17185]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Fixed an issue where the /_node/stats API displayed empty pipeline metrics when Logstash monitoring was configured to use legacy collectors. https://github.com/elastic/logstash/pull/17185[#17185]
```
